replaced ambiguous description of environment variable content (#320)
cnabio/cnab-spec: 103-bundle-runtime.md

- If the CNAB runtime does not provide a value, but `default` is set, then the default value MUST be used.
- If the parameter is marked `required` and `default` is set, then the requirement is satisfied by the runtime-provided default.
- If no value is provided and `default` is unset, the runtime MUST set the value to an empty string (""), regardless of type.

> - The resolved content of the environment variable SHOULD be use UTF-8 character encoding.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The resolved content of the environment variable SHOULD use UTF-8 character encoding.
```

Author: Fixed! Thanks

> Setting the value of other types to a default value based on type, e.g. Boolean to `false` or integer to `0`, is considered _incorrect behavior_. Setting the value to `null`, `nil`, or a related character string is also considered incorrect.

> In the case where the `destination` object has a `path` field, the CNAB runtime MUST create a file at that path. The file MUST have sufficient permissions that the effective user ID of the image can read the contents of the file. the file's character encoding SHOULD be UTF-8 and new lines SHOULD be LF (line feed). And the contents of the file MUST be the parameter value (calculated according to the rules above).

Reviewer: One more minor issue that I missed on the first pass...

```suggestion
In the case where the `destination` object has a `path` field, the CNAB runtime MUST create a file at that path. The file MUST have sufficient permissions that the effective user ID of the image can read the contents of the file. The file's character encoding SHOULD be UTF-8 and new lines SHOULD be LF (line feed). And the contents of the file MUST be the parameter value (calculated according to the rules above).
```

- If the CNAB runtime does not provide a value, but `default` is set, then the default value MUST be used.
- If the parameter is marked `required` and `default` is set, then the requirement is satisfied by the runtime-provided default.
- If no value is provided and `default` is unset, the runtime MUST set the value to an empty string (""), regardless of type.

> - Non-string values SHOULD be converted to [JSON text](http://www.ecma-international.org/publications/files/ECMA-ST/ECMA-404.pdf). For example, boolean `true` (or `True` or `TRUE`) SHOULD be expressed as `true` and the object `{foo: 23}` SHOULD be expressed as `{"foo":23}`. String values SHOULD NOT be converted to JSON text.

Reviewer 2: Perhaps this is just temporary/coincidence, but the link here is currently hanging for me when using the `http` protocol, as written.  When I switch to `https`, all is well: https://www.ecma-international.org/publications/files/ECMA-ST/ECMA-404.pdf

Author: Fixed

> - When serializing non-string environment variable values, types SHOULD be converted to their [JSON equivalent type](https://www.json.org/json-en.html) and expressed in string format. For example, boolean `true` (or `True` or `TRUE`) SHOULD be expressed as `"true"` and the object `{foo: 23}` SHOULD be expressed as `"{\"foo\": 23}"`.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
- Non-string values SHOULD be converted to [JSON text](http://www.ecma-international.org/publications/files/ECMA-ST/ECMA-404.pdf). For example, boolean `true` (or `True` or `TRUE`) SHOULD be expressed as `true` and the object `{foo: 23}` SHOULD be expressed as `{"foo":23}`. String values SHOULD NOT be converted to JSON text.
```

Environment variables and files are both unstructured byte-strings, so serialization is required for both. And I believe that my suggested wording more accurately describes cnab-go's existing behavior.

https://github.com/youreddy/cnab-go/blob/d3645483baf494770ddbc1d83545d20060dd8427/action/action_test.go#L205-L213
